Q1: You are given an array of numbers. Find out the array index or position where sum of numbers preceeding the index is equals to sum of numbers succeeding the index?

Q2. Implement a singleton class. Singleton class means you can create only one object for the given class. You can create a singleton class by making its constructor as private, so that you can restrict the creation of the object. Provide a static method to get instance of the object, wherein you can handle the object creation inside the class only.

Q3.Write a program to create deadlock between two threads. Deadlock describes a situation where two or more threads are blocked forever, waiting for each other. Deadlocks can occur in Java when the synchronized keyword causes the executing thread to block while waiting to get the lock, associated with the specified object. Since the thread might already hold locks associated with other objects, two threads could each be waiting for the other to release a lock. In such case, they will end up waiting forever.

Q4. Write a program to reverse a string using recursive algorithm.
	Input: Java
	Output: avaJ
Q5. Write a program to reverse a number.
	Input: 1234567
	Output: 7654321

Q6. Write a program to convert decimal number to binary format.
	Input: 25
	Output: 11001
Q7. Write a program to find perfect number or not. A perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper positive divisors, that is, the sum of its positive divisors excluding the number itself. Equivalently, a perfect number is a number that is half the sum of all of its positive divisors. The first perfect number is 6, because 1, 2 and 3 are its proper positive divisors, and 1 + 2 + 3 = 6. Equivalently, the number 6 is equal to half the sum of all its positive divisors: ( 1 + 2 + 3 + 6 ) / 2 = 6
	Input: 6
	Output: Perfect Number 
Q8. Write a program to implement your own ArrayList class. It should contain add(), get(), remove(), size() methods. 
	Hint: use dynamic array logic meas array should grow automatically when it reaches it's max size.

Q9. Write a program to find top 10 repeated words from file. (Hint: use PriorityQueue)?

Q10. Write a program to sort the a string?



