Q1 : (Random month) Write a program that randomly generates an integer between 1
and 12 and displays the English month name January, February, …, December for
the number 1, 2, …, 12, accordingly.
Q2: (Find future dates) Write a program that prompts the user to enter an integer for
today’s day of the week (Sunday is 0, Monday is 1, …, and Saturday is 6). Also
prompt the user to enter the number of days after today for a future day and display
the future day of the week.

Q3:(Sort three integers) Write a program that prompts the user to enter three integers
and display the integers in non-decreasing order.

Q4. (Find the number of days in a month) Write a program that prompts the user
to enter the month and year and displays the number of days in the month. For
example, if the user entered month 2 and year 2012, the program should display
that February 2012 had 29 days. If the user entered month 3 and year 2015, the
program should display that March 2015 had 31 days.

Q5. (Count positive and negative numbers and compute the average of numbers) Write
a program that reads an unspecified number of integers, determines how many
positive and negative values have been read, and computes the total and average of
the input values (not counting zeros). Your program ends with the input 0. Display
the average as a floating-point number.

Q6. (Find the highest score) Write a program that prompts the user to enter the number
of students and each student’s name and score, and finally displays the name
of the student with the highest score.

Q7. (Find the two highest scores) Write a program that prompts the user to enter the
number of students and each student’s name and score, and finally displays the
student with the highest score and the student with the second-highest score.

Q8. (Find numbers divisible by 5 and 6) Write a program that displays all the numbers
from 100 to 1,000, ten per line, that are divisible by 5 and 6. Numbers are
separated by exactly one space.

Q9. (Find the largest n such that n^3 < 12,000) Use a while loop to find the largest
integer n such that n^3 is less than 12,000.

Q10. (Find the factors of an integer) Write a program that reads an integer and displays
all its smallest factors in increasing order. For example, if the input integer is
120, the output should be as follows: 2, 2, 2, 3, 5.
